Commands

Answers
To get inside thecmdchallenge/ directory , I used the cd command.
To print the current directory, I used the dirs command.
To list all the files from the current directory including the hidden ones, I used ls -R command.
To list all the files of the current directory inside the project; First I used the cd .. command to get back in the line to beginning of the project and then use find . -print command.
To Clear all the clutter from the command line, I just used the clear command, this is gave us a clear at the terminal from all things we did before.
To Go to the last level below the small-name folder and show on the console the content of the trophy.txt file, I went to small-name using cdcommand and open the content with cat trophy.txtcommand.
To Move one level up and get to the funcode directory and list all files with the javascript typical extension, I used cd ..command to get in the funcode folder and then ls *js command to list all files with js extension.
To create a new directory inside funcode/the-most-funny/ called “not-that-funny“, first I have to get inside the folder so I used cd the-most-funnycommand and to creat the new directory I used mkdir not-that-funnycommand.
To create a copy of the-mostboring-text.txt and name it lol.txt, first I find the folder using find . -name "the-mostboring-text.txt" command and to create the copy I wrote cp the-mostboring-text.txt lol.txt command.
To Move funcode/kids.jpg inside funcode/images/hello/ I used mv Kids.jpg images/hellocommand.
To Remove the “small-name“ directory, first I empty the directory using rm -r command and to delete directory I wrote rmdir small-namecommand.
To Print in the command line the content of the-ultimate-joke.txt. first I go into the folder where is the .txt and then use more the-ultimate-joke.txtcommand.
To Remove all the contents from the boringfolder, I removed file by file using the rm (name of folder) to delete all the content.
To Open the file kamehameha/dragon-ball-jokes.md I used VI command line text editor. I wrote nano workspace/exercise-terminal-challenge/thecmdchallenge/kamehameha command.
To remove the first joke save and close, I used the nano /workspace/exercise-terminal-challenge/thecmdchallenge/kamehameha/dragon-ball-jokes.md command to get inside the VI editor, then I delete the first joke, confirm to modify and click enter to save it, at last ^X to close it
